OPSEXP-2743 Add reusable action for github auth to private alfresco repos (#681)
Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools: docs/README.md

  | raw         | The entire JSON object of the Message Card which will be sent to Microsoft Teams. |
  | overwrite   | JSON like object to overwrite default message.                                    |

### set-github-https-auth

> Use this action when running a workflow which includes downloading or cloning
> private Alfresco repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this action when running a workflow which clone a private repository over https.
```
